Hi ramis.
Oh, I have to.
Yeah, I miss. Yeah. We had call with yes.
So like, yeah, we received your e-mail.
So we started TRT. Yes.
And ask for to join this call.
OK.
Apple, OK.
Yeah,
that will be better option to have
discuss on call.
One second before the edge one.
Can I share my screen?
Are you seeing my screen?
Then we can see.
Yeah, English.
You can see that is a no network packet
drop is there till right now.
OK in in network and I'm telling.
Regarding for this,
a lot of training from from the
transaction side only.
Do you see the the rest of the agent?
It's working fine. You can see.
The stuff the agents.
A cloud agent that's working particular
jobs for Ireland and Netherland like this.
So this is coming like whether whether
there or while the customer is logging
the sign in Page.
And it's not it deliver first time they
are signing in.
It's a transaction that might be they get
entering the wrong password or something.
Showing like this.
But working aspect you can see.
Why signing? I can sign in?
I'm recording it will show.
OK,
I think you need to check with them in
It's.
the application and only I think so.
OK.
We I asked triple-A team our senior team.
OK, OK, sure.
We can wait, yeah.
OK.
We don't like showing.
Let everybody.
Do you know what they do with?
This.
We don't.
Need that?
OK.
I'm not sorry for that. Yeah, yeah.
Haramis.
Team ask us to do the log in check,
so we are doing the log in cheques.
Meanwhile the per team also check in with
their side and yeah,
OK.
maybe they will join also.
So meanwhile we are doing the logging
cheques they were checking with their
side and maybe they join their call so we
can wait.
I will I will update the log in cheques
now.
OK.
Shall I drop the call or shall I wait
there?
Wait for two,
two minutes till we check the login,
login cheques in e-mail reason.
OK.
Yeah.
Thank you.
OK, thanks. Thanks a lot.
Well,
let me say like we have to update in the
ANC. So if we have to update the template,
so can I take you as stake you as a
recovery manager for now like once a team
join this call so later we can decide, OK.
OK. OK. Can I talk it or shall I?
OK. Thanks. Thanks.
Lo login login success code.
OK.
Logging cheques is no issue.
Let me inform the triple team OK when
they will join. OK, so I will inform.
Give me two minutes.
Cool. OK.
Yes, Tom. Hi, Ramesh.
Hi, adit.
Hey, I'm escalation.
I need to know what is the customer
impact on this incident.
Aditi,
right now no customer impact at this call
is started regarding the some agents are
failing in thousand IRS port.
So we are follow up with the IS team and
triple team also.
So we are the is team Ramesh here and
their side all all things are good and
triple team also cheques the login
cheques also good. So no customer impact.
I will just checking like why these are
agents are failing in our dashboard
triple dashboard with the IS team and the
triple team.
OK.
Based on internal alarm or as it is
failing in your internal dashboard you
have opened this DRC right?
Yes, I did.
Ramesh Triplea team said that cheques are
good. So why these are failing?
This was from triple-A team said.
I think the chicken with you are in
application site and only why can I share
my screen?
Can we ask for two for somewhere to join
this call so they can better understand?
OK, sure.
Yeah, one minute.
It'll miss her. He's joining this was.
OK.
I I viswas thanks for joining.
So we have from here.
Hey. Hi.
I wish. Well, you are from out of place.
Hello.
Yeah. Yeah, hello.
We are receiving a letter from 20,
008 regarding for the transaction with
your letter.
As of now,
we are not receiving any packet of.
Everything has been good.
You can see still right now that probably
the cloud agent are accessing through our
AA.
Same thing for in the we can see in the
transaction we can see the.
We can see multiple cloud agent is there.
Only particular 3,
the cloud agents are getting the timeout
error.
Or working.
For example, you can see these files.
I know the scripting part is still like
video signing and.
Signing inside the page and after that
examine page. What do you use?
Could have been done that way? It showed.
Same thing for the page.
You can see that I'm out there.
Showing the sign in.
Again going inside.
The example file is that.
Saying again, I don't like someone style,
only it's not showing the sign in Page
like that.
They're getting the error like this.
You understand my point, what I'm saying.
I don't care. No, sorry.
Can you save me like a time out is
happening? For what?
Translator I'm already.
OK, so it's.
I'm getting the for getting the alert has
been actually good.
Only this application probably
application.
So it's frequently happening,
but our login cheques are going fine,
means there's no issue we are having in
the logins.
OK. Same thing in other end.
Also there is a new network packet drop
has been done build right now it is going
good.
Make any.
Time out of timing,
the timing for time out is less.
We need to increase it,
something like that because we are able
to log in.
We are not getting any real error or real
client.
Go **** ***.
Outages.
You check like how many of what is the
time for the time out.
He said there with these other agents
which are OK7000 milliseconds. OK.
I don't take it out on another thing.
Thanks man.
Look,
sometime the time out is having four
screenshots, 5 screenshots so.
Can you open anyone like four or five?
Go.
And so it is showing sign out as I
already signed in.
Hello. I'll go there now. Go signing out.
So if it is.
So I know it's a much.
About it is.
This is showing the first group picture
like this.
No, that is sign in request.
It shows the sign in but it is showing as
**** ***.
already signed in then also it is going
to the next step you need fails here only.
Yeah, I know. Mix up. Yeah, yeah.
Monday actual thing it's it will show the
three page only like.
Sign in and going inside.
After that it shows this XML file.
It's a working.
So that's the same thing,
which is beings shown there also,
Oh yeah.
but it is running there running for yeah,
it is getting more outputs.
Yeah, got it.
So is it sending the request again and
again to check for the output of that URL
or what because.
Yeah,
you need to check the application then
only.
We need who need to check.
You are in like a application team.
Why?
Because you're saying like the URL is
reloading when it again and again,
so the MV reload it is capturing.
Yeah, yeah, correct.
Yeah, correct.
Mm hmm.
OK and.
So timeout is happening like the reload
is doing happening again and again and
after some time it is going to timeout
it's.
'Cause, let me tell you, it is,
and it has been came from,
the other has been triggered.
Hey.
I've painted it. That's.
It's not showing the sign in Page.
Maximum time is 2000.
80,640 milliseconds like that.
Is the script timing has been changed or
anything has been done for this
application has been done earlier.
It sure. OK.
I guess we'll check with the replication
team.
Oh, OK.
Can you open any screenshot with three?
What's the next time showing there?
Look, next time the same only.
Something wasn't.
******.
Same only.
OK.
So it could not be issue from 1018 like.
Yeah.
Means it is capturing the wrong.
It just like it should not capture 2-3
times like that.
Talk.
Because by the application would reload
itself even after means giving the same
response again.
Means sometime it is giving this single
and the time it is reloading right with.
Why it would happen? It should not happen.
So is it some OK? And one more thing,
the agents in this screenshot with having
with having three so it is different from
the agent which are having four or five.
Yeah.
K.
You can see for the for the time stamp or
you can see the if you are seeing this
three,
explain Ireland and England no for this
particular time.
If you go to the another time scam.
It will show differently.
I'm not terrible.
But time out is happening at different
screenshot.
Sometime it's five sometime for and also
the time out.
I'll tell you, I tell you,
I shall call to you.
Time.
So 183 screenshot we needed the three
months it is, it will be working fine.
Here is it.
If any number of screenshot it get it
shows timeout.
Yeah.
You can see 25 and four.
Mm hmm.
Is exact copy of the previous screenshot
I guess.
Oh. Previously. Which one? Yeah,
this this seems screenshot again.
It's replying.
Have good nights.
So it should be new from application team
you are you are saying like it is
reloading.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
OK, sure.
Now we need to check with the application
team.
OK.
We can for now we can close this TRT like
or we can reconvene it after some time,
because we need to check with,
we need to give them update that this is
happening.
What we should do,
like we can stood down this and or we can
reconvene this.
OK,
maybe OK till what time you're available?
My ankle, it will be even.
So.
Currently it's.
657 GMT so.
10:30.
363.
Or.
In 11103011 GMT can be.
Oh, make up on, like,
reconvening this call.
OK, OK.
Then I'll, uh,
gather some info in the standard call
also and also in uh means maybe I'll get
someone from my team.
OK. You're gonna you're gonna come to.
Hotspot, he will share the licence.
Yeah, sure. Sure.
After can you reconvene this TRT for at
what time? I said 11 GM, 11 GMT. Yeah.
OK, this was OK. I will schedule that.
What is the finding now?
Findings is like the the application is
getting two to three screenshots like
same screenshots.
So if the screenshot number is not 3.
So it is showing timeout so sometime but
one more thing, OK no, no less than three.
More than three, more than 3 News.
Also while with two also it is showing
timeout.
So in the previous version of this
dashboard, the error code is not timeout.
I think it is error.
Or timeout only because if.
Means it should not be timeout, timeout,
differencing.
OK we'll check in the other call,
but the finding is it is showing timeout
when the number of screenshot is more or
less than three.
So less than three fruition is a multiple
sign in issue like if it is having
OK.
multiple sign in then on two sign
insurance 2 screenshot it ends and more
than three is it signs in a sign in
itself and it takes the same screenshot
again and again.
So it is more than three.
In both the situation in first situation
the there is no issue,
the multiple sign in issue is there.
In the second situation sign in happens
but it takes multiple screenshots of the
sign in so it becomes more than three,
so that's why it's failing.
OK,
we need to check with application team
this this is the finding as of now no
error but maybe we need to do some
configuration.
OK, OK. This was thanks for update.
So since I request you can update the
same in the answer also.
Mm hmm. Yeah, sure.
I'll update it in the also.
OK.
Thanks Christmas. So 11 GMT will be right.
Yeah, right.
OK, so it's.
Or maybe 1010 G. OK, keep it 10.
OK.
And then 123, OK yeah, 10.
OK. Thanks, resource. We'll we'll settle.
Sure, sure. Thank you and thank you,
Ramesh, for joining.
We can stand down, OK?
Thank you.
Yeah. Yeah. Thanks.